Need to save all of the ini files separately. There's a fuck ton of files, but we should be able to avoid small ones. 
Set up a SVN repo to have logs of what's been done..
	UPLOAD TO GITHUB REPO 

To add a special power to a unit;
	Data\ini\commandbutton.ini
		 commandset.ini
		 specialpower.ini
	Tie in w/ objcet files
	
Missile Defender - claymore mine
		 - think we need to make him a dozer?
			- looks like the button is disabled. 
			- look @ how structures are created.. 
				- look @ how the structures lok in code. can't seem to find them...?
				- they're in factionbuilding.ini
			- instead of using mines, let's use very scaled back demo trap. enough to kill a battlemaster, no more. 
Path Finder - Snipe building (1 unit at a time if possible)
	    - allow to snipe bikes
Pilot - Given pistol, immediately runs to base?
	see if we can give pilot the ranger gun or something 
Col Burton - Destroy vehicles somehow? knife attack?


Crusader - Uranium shells (35% more damage)
Humvee - extra tow missile upgrade for 500
       - laser defence
Tomahawk - burst round for more aoe 
Paladin - Uranium shells (35% more damage)
Sentry Drone - Remove delay 

Scout drone - Movable, but not stealthed when moving. 
	do dis
Battle drone - Snipe upgrade to only attack infantry

Chinook - Rescue ops special power -- flys to area 25% faster, leaves 50% quicker with 25% chance of dodging missiles? Might be impossible.
	- If too hard, make more resistant to missiles. 
Comanche - When doing rocket pods, flies to location 50% faster. 
Raptor - Radar scrambler - leaves black area over rapter 
Stealth Fighter - Bomb munitions and/or leaflets
Aurora Bomber - 
Purchase hellfire drones from airfield

Machine gun on firebase
All tanks w/ bad machine gun 


Black Lotus - arm with gun
		Currently has a col burton gun. Need to see if we can replace with a pistol or something.
		Maybe use the briefcase as a weapon lol.
	      climb cliff, VERY slowly.
		need to fix this, currently goes at the speed of burton. 
	      "woo over" her enemies, don't attack unless ordered to attack. 
		for x seconds?
	      
China Zerg General - 2x the units for the same cost, but half the health and half the damage. 

Needs severe work:
     Colonel Burton -- needs to only be able to satchel charge vehicles. 

Done:      
     Arms Dealer produces $$$$
     
     Stealth Fighter - Bomb munitions and/or leaflets 
	Needs animation update. 

     Spy Drone - Movable (General's Power only) 
	Needs animation update. 
	
     Ranger - Flashbang doesn't arch as high. 
     
     Path Finder - Shoots 3 rounds in a burst, then waits. 
     
     
     

	
